1.Using Generics With C#
	1.Generics available System.Collection.Genric namespace
	Boxing
		valuetype to reference type
		int a=20;
		object b=a;
	Unboxing 
		refrence type to value type			
		int c=(int)b;
	Generic Classes
		public class TestClass<T>{}
	Generic features
		Type Safety
		Performance
			Generics are faster than other collections such as ArrayList.
		Binary Code reuse
2.Overview Of Abstract Class And Interface
What is an abstract class ?
	1.A class with the abstract modifier indicates that it is an abstract class
	2.An abstract class cannot be instantiated. 
	3.The purpose of an abstract class is to provide a common definition of a base class that multiple derived classes can share
Features of an abstract class
	1.An abstract class cannot be instantiated
	2.An abstract class may contain abstract methods and accessors.
	3.An abstract class cannot be sealed. The sealed modifier prevents a class from being inherited.
	4.An abstract class requires to be inherited
	5.A non-abstract class derived from an abstract class must include actual implementations of all inherited abstract methods and accessors
What are abstract methods?
	1. Abstract methods have no implementation
	2.Derived classes of the abstract class must implement all abstract methods.
	public abstract void MyMethod();  
Features of an abstract method
	1.An abstract method is implicitly a virtual method.
	2.Abstract method declarations are only permitted in abstract classes.
When to use Abstract class in c# ?

	1.In various implementations, if they are of the same kind and use common behavior or status, then an abstract class is better to use.
What is an interface?
	An interface is a contract that contains only the declaration of the methods, properties, and events, but not the implementation.	
	The Interface makes it easy to maintain a program.
Features of interface
	An Interface contains only the signature of methods
	An Interface has no Implementation on its own
	An Interface is used to implement multiple inheritances in code.
	It defines a static set of methods and their arguments
	Variables in Interface must be declared as public, static and final
	Methods in an Interface must be declared as public and abstract
	A class implementing an Interface must implement all of its methods
	An Interface can derive from more than one Interface
Advantages of interface
	Interfaces facilitate parallel application development.
	They are great for implementing Inversion of Control or Dependency Injection.
	Interfaces enable mocking for better unit testing.
	Interfaces allow us to develop very loosely coupled systems.
	Interfaces also allow us to implement polymorphic behavior.
When to use interface ?
	If various methods share only methods signature, then it is better to use interface. The interface allows multiple inheritances.
What is the difference between abstract class and interface?
Abstract class
	1.Abstract classes can have implementations for some of its members
	2.An abstract class can have fields
	3.An abstract class can inherit from another class or another interface.
	4.A class cannot inherit from multiple classes at the same time
	5.Abstract class members can have access modifiers
Interface
	1.An interface can’t have an implementation for any of its members
	2.Interfaces cannot have fields
	3.An interface can inherit from another interface only and cannot inherit from any class.
	4.A class can inherit from multiple interfaces at the same time
	5.Interface members cannot have access modifiers. It is by default public.
